My comment: correct.
My comment: corrected version is 爬上梯子去, 去can follow the Obj.
My comment: the correction about directional complement is correct, but no explanation of the direction complement rule. It also misses the feedback on “马先生跟他的驴”. See my feedback above.
My comment: "小王骑自行车到张先生的梨子树" still needs revision. See my feedback above.
My comment: it is okay to omit Subj. here. But here misses revision about 了. See my feedback above.
My comment: correct revision, but wrong explanation. It is not “missing a verb or a preposition”, but missing “了”.
My comment: incorrect. It did not capture the two errors. See my feedback above.
My comment: the revision is correct but the explanation is not. "给" is used incorrect, but missed “了”. It can also be “给了孩子三个梨子”
My comment: the revision is still not completely correct. It should be: 走到张先生的树下. And explanation of directional complement rule is not given.
My comment: the revision is correct, but the explanation is not “unclear sentence structure”, but the wrong placement of “了”.
My comment: correct
My comment: this one is already mentioned in “Grammar corrections”. This is not a vocabulary problem. "小王骑自行车到张先生的梨子树" still needs revision. See my feedback above.
My comment: correct
My comment: correct. Miss the revision of “农人” to “农民”, which is “Vocabulary Suggestion”.
My comment: no need to revise.
My comment: if no correction needed, then the earlier “The grammar rule violated is the direction complement error” is misleading.
My comment: if no error found, then do not give revision feedback.
My comment: incorrect. The correct version should be: 农民在梯子上/登梯子的时候.
My comment: incorrect. The error is not “lack of clarity”. See my feedback above (一看到，看look, 看到see; 哪一筐有更多梨子就往自己的自行车上放哪一筐，the structure “repeated Wh-Q” expressing “wh-ever…, will do that…”.)
My comment: the revision is correct. However the original version reflects “disfluency” in speaking, and in written format, there should not be such “disfluency”: 第一个男孩呢，帮他捡起散落的梨子，装好, which is correct.
My comment: the revision is correct. If keeping the “把” structure, need to add “了”.
My comment: I agree. While the sentence "报答给予帮助的人最好不过了" itself is correct.
My comment: these are not “wrong characters”, rather they are “vocabulary misuse”. No wrong characters in this one.
My comment: correct.
My comment: correct. Another correct revision that keeps “着”: 在树顶的梯子上站着.
My comment: not completely correct. It should be: 他爬下梯子后，把梨放进筐里，放了差不多十个梨. Another simpler revision: 看到筐里放着差不多十个梨
My comment: correct. A simpler revision: 他用他的围巾把梨擦干净.
My comment: it is fine to not add “当”. The key error is in the second clause. The revision is correct, but without explanation. See my feedback above.
My comment: the feedback is not on the sentence “这个戴围巾的男人拿多梨”, but for another clause “他拿梨的时候”, which does not need to be revised. For this sentence “这个戴围巾的男人拿多梨”, see my feedback above.
My comment: this reflects the “disfluency” in original speaking data. The adjusted version is “他停在树下”. The correction and explanation of directional complement are wrong. This sentence is correct in terms of directional complement, only “他” is a bit ambiguous, it can refer to the boy or the man wearing the scarf (see my feedback above).
My comment: I think "热死了" is perfectly fine, expressing the character’s feeling. And this is a “vocabulary” issue, not a grammar issue.
My comment: although it revised “一筐的梨” to “一筐梨”, it did not explain, num. + MW. + noun, no的。Also it missed another error: 骑自行车离开，“骑自行车“ conflicts with ”走“ (see my feedback above).
My comment: I felt “也” is needed here. The repetitive "也" reflects the disfluency in original speaking data.
My comment: I agree. But the adjusted version (after removing the disfluency) itself is correct: 男孩子在看女孩，而不是在看这条路，所以看不到路上的石头.
My comment: I don’t think Chinese has "missing subject" rule; it is fine to omit Subj. if context is clear. Here the subject is not missing, so it is very confusing to suggest “restating the subject”. For me, this one is correct.
My comment: the "呢" structure here is not incorrect. A possible improvement is about “拿自行车” (see my feedback above).
My comment: the key is not the vague reference, but other aspects: 帮了他以后，了completed; 他们走了/走过去了，usually we do not say “走去” (see my feedback above).
My comment: this one is correct and clear. A possible improvement is about “拿上” (see my feedback above).
My comment: correct. Miss an error: “了” is missing.
My comment: correct. Another simpler revision: 看到一筐梨没有了.
My comment: I think "热死了" is perfectly fine, expressing the character’s feeling.
My comment: I think "糊涂" is perfectly fine.
====
My comment: the revision itself is incorrect. 如蜗⽜⼀般 is perfectly right and has more literate flavor, while although the revised “像蜗⽜⼀样” is also correct, it is more colloquial. Changing “这个人” to “他” is not necessary, because the preceding sentence talks about an unspecified “某个人”. It is perfectly fine to use “这个人” as the subject.
My comment: the revision of “每天都” and “这棵树” are correct. But it fails to revise “秋季期间”.
My comment: the revised “…甚⾄不应该成为他的所有物” is correct, but if you want to use 使用权, you need to change it to my revision “他甚至不应该有我的“梨树”家的使用权”. “树屋” is a misunderstanding, because “树屋” refers to “在树上的房子”, not what you really refer to “我的家，也就是这棵树”.
My comment: "咕噜咕噜” is fine. “饿叫” is incorrect, “咕咕叫” works if it is “某个人肚子咕咕叫的声音”. But your original version is more vivid. I won’t change it.
My comment: “抢走” is okay if you want to emphasize “force”, but “偷走” is perfectly fine too. “携走” is incorrect.
My comment: in previous sentence, you already used “所有权”, so here “使用权” is perfectly fine. But the structure is incorrect.
My comment: I agree “零食/点心” is better fit the “downplaying” tone, but “小吃” is fine, too.
My comment: “低贱/卑微” is too strong, and they are less appropriate than “地位低”. No need to change.
My comment: correct.
My comment: the original version is fine, no need to change.
My comment: the original version is not “incorrect”, but can be more coherent and natural.
My comment: “开始改⾰经济以来” is correct, no need to change.
My comment: “坏人” is a bit stronger, “这个家伙” is better. “不良分子” is actually a bit awkward.
My comment: “硕士和博士学位” is perfectly fine, no need to change.
My comment: I agree with “一无是处”, or “碌碌无为”, “无能为力” is not very appropriate here.
My comment: I agree, my advice is “梨堆的一员”.
My comment: I agree with “了”, but AI feedback missed other places that should be revised.
My comment: I agree “在于” is better than “是”, but “是” itself is not “incorrect”.
My comment: the earlier part of the revised version is correct, but “我是那个树⽊的所有权” is incorrect, it should be “我有那棵树的所有权”, which is grammatically correct, but semantically incorrect. “我“ as a pear, does not own the tree, but is part of the tree.
My comment: the revised version is also correct, but my revision (see above “teacher feedback”) is better aligned with what you wanted to express.
My comment: correct.
My comment: correct.
My comment: I agree with the explanation of the word “拥有者/物主”.
My comment: the revised version is correct, but AI did not explain why the original version is incorrect: mono-syllabic adverb cannot be used with 地 + verb. It must be a multi-syllabic adverb.
My comment: the revised version is correct, but AI did not explain why “糟糕的状态” is not very appropriate here. “状态” is generally used for people, related to mental state. But since you used metaphor to liken pears to people, it is acceptable to use “状态” here.
====
